Add details in video transmitter setup. (#4064)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-vtx.rst

CRSF is a bi-directional protocol that requires both TX and RX of a serial port to be connected. Follow the instructions for CRSF telemetry to setup CRSF support (See :ref:`common-tbs-rc`). If you only wish to use CRSF for VTX support, then (again using SERIAL5 as an example) :ref:`SERIAL5_PROTOCOL <SERIAL5_PROTOCOL>` should be set to 29 rather than 23. You will also need to make sure your VTX is configured for CRSF control.

> When using CRSF for both RC and VTX control it is important to disable "my VTX" support on Open TX transmitters. Follow your transmitters' instructions. In this scenario, you must connect your flight controller's UART to your rx, and then connect your rx to forward CRSF to your VTX, you cannot connect the FC using CRSF direclty to both the rx and VTX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using CRSF for both RC/Telem and VTX control it is important to disable "my VTX" support on Open TX transmitters. Follow your transmitters' instructions. In this scenario, you must connect your flight controller's UART to your CRSF receiver, and then connect your CRSF receiver to the VTX to forward CRSF commands, you cannot connect to the FC using CRSF directly for both the Receiver and VTX using two UARTs.
```

> When using CRSF for both RC and VTX control it is important to disable "my VTX" support on Open TX transmitters. Follow your transmitters' instructions. In this scenario, you must connect your flight controller's UART to your rx, and then connect your rx to forward CRSF to your VTX, you cannot directly connect the FC using CRSF direclty to both the rx and VTX.

Reviewer 2: "directly"

Author: Thanks for the quick review & catch, removed the extra "directly."
